docs(schedule): add waitForCompletion (#3185)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/task-scheduling.md

        This allows you to specify the offset of your timezone rather than using the <code>timeZone</code> param.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>waitForCompletion</code></td>
      <td>

>         If <code>true</code>, no additional instances of cronjob will run until the current onTick callback has completed. Any new scheduled executions that occur while the current cronjob is running will be skipped entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If <code>true</code>, no additional instances of the cron job will run until the current onTick callback has been completed. Any new scheduled executions that occur while the current cron job is running will be skipped entirely.
```
